<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
                            <!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
                            <topic id="o2428769" xml:lang="en-us"><title class="- topic/title " id="_Toc171695894">Wireless Connectivity</title><body><p>Follow the instructions below to set up and test basic wireless connectivity. Once you have established basic wireless connectivity, you can enable security settings appropriate to your needs.</p><ol><li>Log in to the router at <xref href="http://www.routerlogin.net/" scope="external" format="html"><b>http://www.routerlogin.net</b></xref><b> </b>with its default user name of <b>admin </b>and default password of <b>password</b>, or using whatever LAN address and password you have set up.</li><li>Click the Wireless Settings link in the main menu of the router.</li><li>Note that the default SSID is <b>NETGEAR</b>.<note><p><b>Note:</b> The SSID of any wireless adapters must match the SSID you configure in the</p></note><p>router. If they do not match, you will not get a wireless connection.</p></li><li>Set the Region. Select the region in which the wireless interface will operate.</li><li>Click Apply to save your changes.<note><p><b>Note</b>: If you are configuring the router from a wireless computer and you change the</p><p>router’s SSID, channel, or security settings, you will lose your wireless</p><p>connection when you click Apply. You must then change the wireless settings</p><p>of your computer to match the router’s new settings</p></note></li><li>Configure and test your computers for wireless connectivity.<p>Program the wireless adapter of your computers to have the same wireless network name (SSID) as the router. Check that they have a wireless link and are able to obtain an IP address by DHCP from the router.</p></li></ol></body></topic>